Xi vows victory over coronavirus in 
Wuhan By AN BAIJIE | China Daily 
| Updated: 2020-03-11 02:28 President expresses condolences to families of 
people who died in epidemic President Xi Jinping said on Tuesday 
that prevention and control of the 
novel coronavirus outbreak remains the top 
priority and most important task, even 
amid the recent positive signs. Xi, who is also general secretary 
of the Communist Party of China 
Central Committee and chairman of the 
Central Military Commission, made the remark 
during his inspection tour in the 
outbreak¡¯s epicenter, Wuhan, capital of Hubei 
province. The spread of the novel coronavirus 
has been basically curbed in Hubei 
and Wuhan, Xi said, adding that 
initial success has been made in 
stabilizing the situation and turning the 
tide in Hubei and Wuhan. Xi encouraged local residents and front-line 
workers to make firm, solid and 
meticulous prevention and control efforts to 
defend Hubei and Wuhan and resolutely 
fight for victory in the war 
against the disease. He praised local medical workers, medical 
teams from other provinces, People¡¯s Liberation 
Army commanders and soldiers, community workers, 
police officers, officials and volunteers for 
their bravery and hard work in 
the prevention and control of the 
disease. President Xi Jinping greets residents undergoing 
home quarantine in the Donghu Xincheng 
residential community during his inspection of 
Wuhan, Hubei province, on Tuesday. XIE 
HUANCHI / XINHUA The positive trend in preventing and 
controlling the novel coronavirus outbreak could 
not have been achieved without the 
sacrifice, devotion, perseverance and hard efforts 
of the people of Wuhan, Xi 
said. With their concrete actions, Wuhan people 
have demonstrated the strength and spirit 
of China, as well as the 
Chinese people¡¯s love for the family 
and the nation, which enables them 
to stick together through thick and 
thin, Xi said. Calling Wuhan a heroic city and 
its people heroic people, Xi said 
they will be remembered in history 
for the final victory against the 
disease and the whole Party and 
nation are deeply moved by Wuhan 
people. On behalf of the CPC Central 
Committee, Xi extended greetings to the 
medical workers, the PLA commanders and 
soldiers, community workers, police officers, officials 
and volunteers. He also expressed sympathy to the 
patients, the family members of the 
patients and the victims, and expressed 
his condolences for those who lost 
their lives in the outbreak. President Xi Jinping learns about Huoshenshan 
Hospital's operations, treatment of patients, protection 
for medical workers and scientific research 
after arriving in Wuhan, March 10, 
2020. [Photo/Xinhua] Xi paid great attention to the 
local prevention and control work in 
Hubei, and he went straight to 
Huoshenshan Hospital immediately after his arrival 
in Wuhan on Tuesday morning. The 
hospital is a 1,000-bed temporary facility 
built in just 10 days to 
treat the patients. Xi learned about the hospital¡¯s operations, 
treatment of patients, protection for medical 
workers and scientific research. He complimented 
medical workers for their great contributions 
to the prevention and control of 
the disease in Wuhan. The military medical workers have remained 
faithful to the PLA¡¯s mission, answered 
the call rapidly and fought bravely 
against the disease, Xi said. The 
medical workers are the messengers of 
brightness and hope, and they are 
the most beautiful angels and real 
heroes, he added. Xi had a video talk with 
doctors and asked about their work 
and medical supplies. The front-line staff 
have worked hard and suffered unimaginable 
pressure both physically and mentally, Xi 
said, adding that they are the 
most lovely people in the new 
era. Xi urged the relevant authorities to 
guarantee the supply of protective materials 
and daily necessities, implement payment and 
subsidy policies, and take measures to 
protect medical workers¡¯ interests as soon 
as possible. From the very beginning of the 
outbreak, the CPC Central Committee has 
made clear that people¡¯s lives and 
health must be top priority, Xi 
said while having a video talk 
with some patients at the hospital. 
Among all the prevention and control 
measures taken by the CPC Central 
Committee, how to protect more people 
from being infected has always been 
the biggest concern, Xi said. He 
encouraged the patients to be confident 
in their recovery and wished that 
they would recover as soon as 
possible. President Xi Jinping learns about Huoshenshan 
Hospital's operations, treatment of patients, protection 
for medical workers and scientific research 
after arriving in Wuhan, March 10, 
2020. [Photo/Xinhua] While meeting with representatives of medical 
workers from Hubei, the military and 
other provinces at the hospital, Xi 
said that the spread of the 
disease has been basically curbed thanks 
to the efforts made by the 
whole Party, nation and society. Noting that the prevention and control 
efforts have entered a critical period, 
Xi told the medical workers to 
fight on. After leaving the hospital, Xi went 
to the Donghu Xincheng residential community 
and greeted people who were quarantined 
in their homes. He learned about the community¡¯s efforts 
in epidemic prevention and control and 
ensuring supplies of daily necessities. Xi 
also expressed his gratitude to community 
residents and front-line workers. Xi presided over a meeting on 
the prevention and control of the 
disease after he wrapped up his 
visit to the community. The CPC 
Central Committee has supported Hubei and 
Wuhan in taking the most comprehensive 
and strict measures to curb the 
spread of the disease since its 
outbreak, he said. Xi pointed out that medical treatment 
should be prioritized, and more efforts 
are needed to raise the recovery 
rate and lower the fatality rate. 
He stressed the importance of prevention 
of the disease, saying that the 
government should rely on the people, 
motivate the people and promote their 
ability to protect themselves. Xi called for more support for 
less developed regions lacking decent medical 
resources by introducing measures such as 
remote medical consultation. President Xi Jinping speaks at Huoshenshan 
Hospital in Wuhan, March 10, 2020. 
[Photo/Xinhua] He also emphasized the importance of 
maintaining stability, saying that the government 
should understand and tolerate people who 
were quarantined for a long period. 
The elderly, children, poor families and 
disabled people deserve special attention, and 
their needs should be met in 
a timely manner, Xi said. The disease is going to have 
an impact on Hubei¡¯s socioeconomic development 
in the short run, but it 
will not affect the good economic 
foundation in the long term, Xi 
said, adding that economic production should 
be resumed step by step based 
on the principle of enhancing prevention 
and control. The disease is a big test 
of the country¡¯s governance system and 
capacity, Xi said, adding that the 
authorities should learn from these experiences 
to improve the governance system. CPC organizations at all levels and 
all Party members should stay true 
to their original aspirations, keep their 
mission in mind and shoulder their 
responsibilities in this big test, Xi 
said. 